the amateurs and for the amateurs pescara a well-deserved triumph of the paths
life sentences we try checked for all 40 minutes moderator
who could hear all the pitfalls of a beautiful one especially after having
caressed the victory even in race 2 lost in the last 4 minutes
roseto we hoped they opened for the psychological factor and instead to prevailing was
the boldness of the red and white able to let the disappointment slip over them
last Thursday and then energy freshness 3 say that the youth of
engines
they put on the plate against a solar dimension with the tongue out
if we then assume that sharks enotria someone on whom ice cream
faux leather for text living outside the gym is final
it must be said I learned that first of all he won the Abruzzo basketball he has
carried vertically two up and edarling representatives in that basket
the strange for the show offered correct in constant field the high post
up for grabs in the stands for the average of people has run the two
matches and photography is that of the untamed blue-white audience of
to sing to the first team
in the last minutes despite the defeat
much more than a simple consolation for the company and technical staff like
called promoters such as garin. right from the start
thanks mbp players that will represent series
roditi narrat the stranger in quotation marks of an Abruzzo team
very Pescara
the new Trentino game in the first sidereal time 23 of the voting interval
the sample of absolute completeness not only points but also
recover that assists the first quarter signs and I take the game that the
second with fermara pescara runs with the little ones even with the wolves and the
twentieth l the track those double figures + 11 40 both 35 by chance someone knows what
makes put a few grains of sand in the pescara gears even if there
sicilia of what remains of the distance jealous novela marco for elia immagioni
so as the authors below show cats the gymnasium baskets do not
lets you change the comeback
that one of the looks you notice film 58 52 - and + long hair fucecchio
procchio hotel
the quantities of coquinaria restore the distances
and those days of fine art 23 evaluation points 30
it is known on red captain 18. the evaluation report
the last quarter without slag
Pescara with the wind in the back lipstick without petrol
final 85 71
double figure of the pregnant woman comignani 14 points & gt carmine 14 with the many
minutes played me play me tv
even if it is washed times by trade
gioco.it obscure for the award-winning company fucecchio del brucino in the background
Rosetani
sitting in August as an extraordinary achievement
quite well written
Saturday 30 and Sunday is the result
run away I wanted everyone with all my heart with so much thanks thanks e
we managed a fantastic group
after how long you tried but fantastic series to get this great
result
yes, I did it on your own
what is enough to have what I think we deserve making love is not enough
but you are watched
i arrive safe is a good bono moment for what certain sure before that
I want adept all worth for gambler and work
bull almost 13 weeks
after I want to you so much thank you executives
fb I believe
also the notebook
hello beautiful people coming and
all right for us
congratulations buy inter card
we are creating free interview what I don't think
revelation to find other midweek games srl
ferrari is afraid or seeing the crisis response has effects
korova the UFOs arrive
we have heard you have heard this has been clear
I'm going to put guys on without seeing breasts
walking
disconnector and nolan i don't want me video text i love stereo